com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityAddPropertyBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityAddPropertyBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/utils/SimpleItemTouchHelperCallback.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.utils.SimpleItemTouchHelperCallback
com/moringaschool/rentbook/TenantDetails.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.TenantDetails
com/moringaschool/rentbook/LandlordSignup.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.LandlordSignup
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.LandlordSignup$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.LandlordSignup$1$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.LandlordSignup$1$1$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/adapters/PropertyPagerAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.PropertyPagerAdapter
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/FragmentTenantDetailBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.FragmentTenantDetailBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/fragments/TenantDetailFragment.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.fragments.TenantDetailFragment
com/moringaschool/rentbook/utils/OnStartDragListener.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.utils.OnStartDragListener
com/moringaschool/rentbook/utils/ItemTouchHelperAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.utils.ItemTouchHelperAdapter
com/moringaschool/rentbook/fragments/DataSavedDialogue.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.fragments.DataSavedDialogue
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.fragments.DataSavedDialogue$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/modules/Property.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.modules.Property
com/moringaschool/rentbook/MainActivity.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.MainActivity
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.MainActivity$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.MainActivity$2
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/api/ApiClient.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.api.ApiClient
com/moringaschool/rentbook/PropertyDetails.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyDetails
com/moringaschool/rentbook/modules/Landlord.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.modules.Landlord
com/moringaschool/rentbook/constants/Constants.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.constants.Constants
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/PropertyListItemBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.PropertyListItemBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityLandlordSignupBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityLandlordSignupBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/modules/Tenant.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.modules.Tenant
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityPropertyAndTenantsBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityPropertyAndTenantsBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityAddTenantBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityAddTenantBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/BuildConfig.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.BuildConfig
com/moringaschool/rentbook/fragments/PropertyDetailFragment.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.fragments.PropertyDetailFragment
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityPropertyDetailsBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityPropertyDetailsBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityPropertyListBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityPropertyListBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/FragmentPropertyDetailBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.FragmentPropertyDetailBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/Login.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.Login
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.Login$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.Login$1$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/TenantListItemBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.TenantListItemBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/AddProperty.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.AddProperty
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.AddProperty$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.AddProperty$1$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/AddTenant.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.AddTenant
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.AddTenant$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/api/ApiInterface.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.api.ApiInterface
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityTenantDetailsBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityTenantDetailsBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/TenantsList.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.TenantsList
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.TenantsList$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/adapters/TenantAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.TenantAdapter
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.TenantAdapter$ViewHolder
com/moringaschool/rentbook/databinding/ActivityTenantsListBinding.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.databinding.ActivityTenantsListBinding
com/moringaschool/rentbook/PropertyList.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyList
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyList$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyList$2
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyList$3
com/moringaschool/rentbook/adapters/PropertyAdapter.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.PropertyAdapter
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.PropertyAdapter$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.PropertyAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.adapters.PropertyAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/moringaschool/rentbook/PropertyAndTenants.java
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyAndTenants
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyAndTenants$1
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyAndTenants$2
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyAndTenants$3
 com.moringaschool.rentbook.PropertyAndTenants$4
